[DOC] Update release issue template (#144)
seqan/sharg-parser: .github/ISSUE_TEMPLATE/release-checklist.md

---

Pre-release Tasks:

- [ ] Update copyright year. ([Script](https://github.com/seqan/sharg-parser/blob/main/test/scripts/update_copyright.sh))
- [ ] Check whether the [directory structure](https://github.com/seqan/sharg-parser/blob/main/doc/setup/quickstart_cmake/index.md) is valid.
- [ ] Check whether supported compilers are listed correctly:
  - [ ] In [README](https://github.com/seqan/sharg-parser/blob/main/README.md)
  - [ ] In [doc/about/api](https://github.com/seqan/sharg-parser/blob/main/doc/about/api/index.md)
- [ ] Check workarounds in `platform.hpp`. Are they still valid, or can they be limited to specific compiler versions?
- [ ] Update the index from cppreference.com so that up-to-date documentation links are generated. ([Instructions](#cppreference))
- [ ] Check the [Changelog.md](https://github.com/seqan/sharg-parser/blob/main/CHANGELOG.md) for completeness (including changed headers). ([Instructions](#changelog))

> - [ ] Check whether all links are valid using [this script](https://github.com/seqan/sharg-parser/blob/main/test/scripts/link_check.sh)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- [ ] Check whether all links are valid using [this script](https://github.com/seqan/sharg-parser/blob/main/test/scripts/link_check.sh).
```

---

Pre-release Tasks:

> - [ ] Update copyright year.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- [ ] Update copyright year. ([Script](https://github.com/seqan/sharg-parser/blob/main/test/scripts/update_copyright.sh))
```

- [ ] Check that the [directory structure](https://github.com/seqan/sharg-parser/blob/main/doc/setup/quickstart_cmake/index.md) is valid.
- [ ] Check if supported compilers are listed correctly
  - [ ] in [Readme](https://github.com/seqan/sharg-parser/blob/main/README.md)
  - [ ] in [doc/about/api](https://github.com/seqan/sharg-parser/blob/main/doc/about/api/index.md)
- [ ] Check workarounds in `platform.hpp`. Are they still valid, or can they be limited to specific compiler versions?
- [ ] Update the index from cppreference.com so that up-to-date documentation links are generated. ([Instructions](#cppreference))
- [ ] Check the [Changelog.md](https://github.com/seqan/sharg-parser/blob/main/CHANGELOG.md) for completeness (including changed headers). ([Instructions](#changelog))
.

> - [ ] Create a release branch, e.g. `release-[VERSION]`, and enable branch protection in the repository settings.

Author: hmm.. I think no

- This should be the last commit before the release.

</details>
<a name="versioned-docs"></a>
<details><summary>Creating versioned documentation</summary><br>

1. Checkout the release tag and build documentation.
2. Create a #.#.# directory for the release in `/web/docs.seqan.de/htdocs/sharg/`
3. Copy everything from the build (`doc_usr/html/*`) into the directory.
4. Alter the file `/web/docs.seqan.de/htdocs/sharg.html` with a link to the new documentation build.

</details>
<a name="packaging"></a>
<details><summary>Creating source packages</summary><br>

Use a new clone of the repository.
```bash
git clone https://github.com/seqan/sharg-parser.git
cd sharg-parser
git checkout release-[VERSION] # version/branch to pack

mkdir ../package-build
cd ../package-build

cmake ../sharg-parser # configure
cpack # builds binary package, e.g. sharg-parser-[VERSION]-Linux.tar.xz{,.sha265}
cmake --build . --target package_source # builds source package, e.g. sharg-parser-[VERSION]-Source.tar.xz{,.sha265}
```

</details>
<a name="changelog"></a>
<details><summary>Checking the changelog</summary><br>

- List all newly supported compilers or dropped compilers.

> - Check that all PR links are consistent, e.g., `[\#2](https://github.com/seqan/sharg-parser/pull/2)`:

Reviewer: We could also add the general link-checking somewhere appropriate.

https://github.com/seqan/sharg-parser/blob/main/test/scripts/link_check.sh

Author: Did we even include PR links in the changelog for sharg?

Reviewer: No, but it doesn't make sense for the first release anyway.

```

</details>
<a name="version-bump"></a>
<details><summary>Bumping the version</summary><br>

- Bump succeeding version number in the main branch: [include/sharg/version.hpp](https://github.com/seqan/sharg-parser/blob/1.0.0/include/sharg/version.hpp#L17-L22).
- The [`SHARG_RELEASE_CANDIDATE`](https://github.com/seqan/sharg-parser/blob/1.0.0/include/sharg/version.hpp#L24) must be set to `1` as `0` indicates a stable release.
- Bump the [latest stable version number](https://github.com/seqan/sharg-parser/blob/main/test/api_stability/CMakeLists.txt#L10) and [checksum](https://github.com/seqan/sharg-parser/blob/main/test/api_stability/CMakeLists.txt#L14) of the API-Stability test on main.

</details>

</details>
<a name="website-post"></a>
<details><summary>Posting on the Website</summary><br>

* Go to [the website repository](https://github.com/seqan/www.seqan.de).
* Add a new file in the `_posts` directory named "YYYY-MM-DD-sharg-X-X-X-release.md".
* Alternatively, you can copy and rename an old release post.
* The file should contain:
  * ```
    ---
    layout: post
    title: "Sharg 1.0.0 released"
    categories: release
    excerpt_separator: <!--more-->
    ---
    ```

>   * Followed by a short relase announcement
>   * Followed by the keyword `<!--more-->`
>   * Followed by the full release note

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  * Followed by a short release announcement.
  * Followed by the keyword `<!--more-->`.
  * Followed by the full release note.
```

You will need to provide a tag message. We use the first sentences of the release note:

E.g. see previous tag messages (see https://github.com/seqan/sharg-parser/tags)
```
Sharg 1.0.0 Release

Sharg is awesome!
```

</details>
<a name="version-bump"></a>
<details><summary>Bumping the version</summary><br>

- Bump succeeding version number in the main branch: [include/sharg/version.hpp](https://github.com/seqan/sharg-parser/blob/1.0.0/include/sharg/version.hpp#L17-L22).
- The [`SHARG_RELEASE_CANDIDATE`](https://github.com/seqan/sharg-parser/blob/1.0.0/include/sharg/version.hpp#L24) must be set to `1` as `0` indicates a stable release.

> - TODO UPDATE LINK: Bump the latest stable version number of the API-Stability test in main: [test/api_stability/CMakeLists.txt](https://github.com/seqan/seqan3/blob/3.0.3/test/api_stability/CMakeLists.txt#L10).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Bump the [latest stable version number](https://github.com/seqan/sharg-parser/blob/main/test/api_stability/CMakeLists.txt#L10) and [checksum](https://github.com/seqan/sharg-parser/blob/main/test/api_stability/CMakeLists.txt#L14) of the API-Stability test on main.
```

</details>

</details>
<a name="website-post"></a>
<details><summary>Posting on the Website</summary><br>

> * Go to https://github.com/seqan/www.seqan.de

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Go to [the website repository](https://github.com/seqan/www.seqan.de).
```

> * Add a new file in the `_posts` directory named "YYYY-MM-DD-sharg-X-X-X-release.md"
> * The file should contain the header

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Add a new file in the `_posts` directory named "YYYY-MM-DD-sharg-X-X-X-release.md".
* Alternatively, you can copy and rename an old release post.
* The file should contain:
```
